Angular express CRUD sample starter app
===========================================

Overview
========

This is a starter app for doing simple

+ Login
+ Teacher home
+ Student home

using Angular material UI & express HTTP server using simple
 javascript objects.


1. A web browser will be created, where you can login as a teacher or a
student. Required login details will be your 

teacher/student ID 
password 

Teacher ID will be in the format 2000XXX, while student ID will be in
the format 1000XXX. 

2. After the teacher logs into the computer, the browser will display
a randomly generated 7 digit number, which will be refreshed every 30
seconds. 

3. After the student logs into the computer, the student will be
prompted to enter a 7 digit number. This 7 digit number must match the 7
digit number that is generated by (2) in order to have a match. 

	In the event of a match, the teacher’s browser will be updated
on the students who have taken their attendance. The student’s browser
will then return a success message, together with a random greeting with
picture. 

	In the event where there is no match, the student’s browser will
display an error message prompting the student to try again. 

The 7 digit code should be displayed below a 30-second countdown timer
(before it is refreshed) that looks like this:

https://www.shutterstock.com/video/clip-29399170-stock-footage-minimalistic-circular-countdown-clock-counting-down-from-seconds-with-numbers-and-circles.html 

Once the countdown timer goes to 0, the 7 digit number will be changed
and the 30-second countdown timer will be refreshed. 

Usage
========

```

$ npm install
$ cd public
$ bower install (select option 3 for JSON option)
$ npm start

```

Go to [http://localhost;2333](http://localhost:2333/)
